The Knox MSP Portal's Copy Profile feature allows managed service providers
to duplicate Enrollment, Knox Configure, and Knox Manage profiles across customer accounts.
This streamlines the deployment of standardized configurations, eliminating the
need to manually recreate identical profiles for each account.
For instance, if a Knox Manage profile for Customer A
includes specific Knox Service Plugin policies,
the same profile can be copied and applied to Customer B,
saving time and ensuring consistency.
To use the Copy Profile feature, you must first make a profile “available for copying”.
For example, if Customer A has a Knox Manage profile that you want to apply to Customer B,
then you must add Customer A's profile to the Knox MSP Portal and make it available for copying.
To do this, go to the Profiles page on the Knox MSP Portal,
click the COPYABLE PROFILES tab,
then click ACTIONS, Add copyable profiles.
In our example, we'll add a copyable Knox Manage profile.
On the following page, you'll see a list of every profile that can be copied.
Note that you can only copy profiles from fully-managed customer accounts.
If a profile is created in a Jointly-managed customer's account, then it cannot be copied.
Select the copyable profiles you wish to add, or use the search bar to filter by a specific
customer name, customer ID, or profile name, then click NEXT.
This will add the profiles to the Copyable Profiles table.
Once a profile is added to the Copyable Profiles table,
it can be copied to your other managed customers' accounts.
In the table, select the profiles you wish to copy, then click ACTIONS, Copy or overwrite to customer.
On the next page, enter the name of the customers you wish to copy the original profile to.
Up to 10 customers can be selected at a time.
Click NEXT, then on the following page, you can give your copied profile a name.
This is the name of the profile that appears on the target customer's account.
By default, this is the same name as the origin profile,
however, you can change it to something that helps you identify the profile easier.
Note that changing this name only affects the target customer's account.
The profile name on the origin customer's account remains the same.
After you review or change the copied-profile name, click CREATE PROFILES,
then review the information on the pop-up and click CONFIRM.
Once the profile is copied, you can find it in one of the respective Knox services tabs on the Profiles page.
In our example, we can find our copied Knox Manage profile in the Knox Manage tab.
This concludes the first video on copying profiles in the Knox MSP Portal.
Check out the other videos in the series to learn how you can update,
overwrite, and remove copied profiles,
and how to manage copied Enrollment and Knox Manage profiles on behalf of your customers.
For additional help at any time, see our documentation at docs.samsungknox.com.
Thanks for watching!